The VIU AI Challenge's main goal to incorporate more student interaction
 into the CSCI department. The idea is to host a inter-department
 programming tournament that will strengthen the connections between
 students and their peers. The competition is based on a simple
 video-game. However, instead of participating as a user in the game
 directly, competitors will design an AI to play the game. Whoever
 design's the best AI will win the tournament.

The point of this project, is to develop the game to be used in VIU's
 AI Challenge.

The game concept is simple and can be summed up by a few points.

    - There is a maze.

    - There is one "Cat" controlled by the computer's AI

    - The user's AI controls a team of some number of mice (perhaps 5?)

    - There are reward's placed randomly throughout the maze, referred 
      to as "Cheese".

    - The objective of the player's AI is to run around with each mouse
      collecting as much cheese as it can while tryin to avoid being
      devoured by the cat.
    
So far, the following features have been suggested to improve game play

    - The cat moves faster then the mouse, forcing the user's AI to be
      more strategic.

    - Diversions/sacrifice can be used to maximize cheesy goodness.

    - Small corridors or "mouse holes" the cat cannot squeeze through
      could be included to give the mouse more options.

    - The cat's speed/AI intelligence could increase over time (or perhaps
      as a function of cheese) so that the less developed player AI's can
      still do alright in the beginning.
    


In order to help the user's get started on their AI's, a library of 
helpful functions could be included in the API. (For example, a
shortestPath() function to determine the quickest route between two
objects).

One of the main goals of the Project will be to balance user AI
complexity potential (the potential for someone's AI to be better than
someone elses) with the complexity of developing a simple AI. We do not
want to discourage inexperienced users (first years) from participating,
so it will be important to make sure a simple AI is not too difficult 
to design. On the other hand, we do not want the AI's so be so easy to
optimize that everyone ends up with the same design and performance.


It should be noted that anyone who would like to participate in the design
of the game is welcome to. There are many things that need doing.

For more information, The README file can point you in the right direction.

    
    
